Enable css props on styled components (#243)
jantimon/next-yak: .changeset/angry-dingos-remain.md

---
"next-yak": patch
"yak-swc": patch
---

> Fix types to enable css prop on styled components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable css prop support for styled components, not just native HTML elements by fixing a bug in the types
```
